APM-363 Document payment embeds (#456)
mollie/api-documentation: source/reference/v2/captures-api/get-capture.rst

     - Set this to ``true`` to retrieve a test mode capture.

Embedding of related resources
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This endpoint allows for embedding additional information by appending the following values via the ``embed``
query string parameter.

> * ``payment`` Include the :doc:`payment </reference/v2/payments-api/get-payment>` the capture were created for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``payment`` Include the :doc:`payment </reference/v2/payments-api/get-payment>` where the capture was created for.
```

Author: One payment is embedded per refund, if multiple payments were embedded it should be `payments`. Which one has `payments`?
